A two-page black and white spread against a red background. The lefthand page is black with white lines running horizontally. At the top of the page is the header "contents." In the upper left corner, there is a drawing of a dog lying with its head propped on its front paw, looking at a row of flowers. In the upper right corner, it reads "No. 8. Date 2018. Note: ROT deals with violence & grief, intimate & societal -- read with care." Below the header is a list of handwritten titles and page numbers, which read:

"the moon 3
goodbye sadness - 4
not bittersweet loving - 6
it all ends here - 7
* plated rose gold piss alcove * 9
abundance mentality - 14
home sweet valley on my mind (for nick gomez-hall) - 16
* david wojnarowicz exhibit in the sanctuary of my murder dream * 18
seed & stone fruit - 28
why accept a hell world? 33
can't crush our spirit (with angels on our side)
36 the problem with living in the bay area
* viajes seguros for too-lucky freakys * 37
ground score ~ 62
further reading - 65
ethereal regular, (for C.A.) ~ 66
altar dream 67
g2g ~ 68"

In the bottom center of the page, there is a black line drawing on a white background of a person running on top of ribbon-like surface amidst the clouds, singing the words, "Goin' to see my girl." In the bottom right corner, there is a second drawing of a dog sitting and staring to the side at a cluster of stars, wearing a collar with a ringing bell.

The righthand page has a white background with a pattern of small black suns arranged in a tight grid. In the center of the page is an illustration of the Moon tarot card, comprised of white line work on a black background. At the top of the tarot card is the numeral "XVIII." Beneath that is a drawing of the moon with a face looking down at a scene of two wolf-like figures sitting and howling. Down the center of the scene is a river receding into the distance. In the foreground of the river is a small crab. In the far background, there is a tall skyscraper rising on either side of the wolves. At the bottom of the card is the text "* the moon *".
